# Five reasons why COVID herd immunity is probably impossible  
Even with vaccination efforts in full force, the theoretical threshold for vanquishing COVID-19 looks to be out of reach.   
> **herd**  
> _noun_ \[C\]  
> a large group of animals of the same type that live and feed together.  
> a large group of people that is considered together as a group and not separately.  
> _verb_  
> to make animals move together as a group.  
> e.g.  
>> An old women was herding the goats.
>>  

> **immunity**    
> _noun_\[U]  
> a situation in which you are protected against disease or from legal action.  
> e.g.    
>> The vaccination gives you immunity against the disease for up to six months.  
>> 
> **immune**  
> _adjective_  
> protected against a particular disease by particular substances in the blood.  
> e.g.  
>> Most peaple who've had chickenpox once are immune to it for their rest of lives.  
>> He seems to be immune to colds - He just never gets them.  
  
> **out of reach**  
> **reach**  
> _noun_(DISTANCE)  
> Your reach is the distance within wich you can _stretch_ out your arm and touch something. 
> e.g.  
>> Make sure that you keep all dangerous substances out of the reach of the children.  
> ---  
> _noun_(LIMIT)  
> the limit within which someone can achieve something.  
> e.g.  
>> An expensive trip like that would be completely beyond/out of( my) reach(= I would not have enough money to pay for it).  
>>  

> **threshold**
> _noun_(LEVEL)  
> the level or point at which you start to experience something, or at which something starts to happen.  
> e.g.  
>> I have a low/high boredom threshold(I do/don't feel bored easily).  
>> bore(FAIL TO INTEREST)
>> 

> **vanquish**  
> _verb_ \[T]  
> to _defeat_ an enemy or _opponent_, especially in war.  
> **defeat**  
> _verb_\[T]  
> to win against someone in fight, war or competition.  
> e.g.  
>> They defeated the Italian team and reached the final.  
> ---  
> to cause someone or something to fail  
> e.g.  
>> I'm afraid anything that involves language learning has always defeaded me(= I have heen unable to do it).  
> ---  
> _noun_ \[C or U]  
> the fact of losing against someone in fight or competition, or when someone or something is made to fail.  
> 
> **theoretical**  
> _adjective_  
> based on the ideas that relate to a subject, not the practical uses of that subject.  
> related to an explanation that has not been proved.
