# The fight against fake-paper factories that churn out sham science  
Some publishers say they are battling industrialized cheating. A Nature analysis examines the 'paper mill' problem - and how editors are trying to cope.  
> **churn sth out**  
> _phrasal verb_  
> to produce a large amounts of something quickly, usually something of low quality.  
>> **churn** also churn up  
>> _verb_ \[T] (MOVE/MIX)  
>> to move something, especially a liquid, with great force.
>> e.g.  
>>> The sea was churned up by heavy winds.  
>> ---  
>> \[T\]  
>> to mix milk until it becomes butter.  
>> _butter_ - 黄油、奶油  
>> 
>> ---  
>> \[I\]  
>> If your stomach is churning, you feel ill, usually because you are nervous.  
>> e.g.  
>>> I had my driving test that moring and my stomach was churning.  
>>> 
>> ---  
>> _noun_ \[C] (CONTAINER)  
>> a larger container for transporting milk or making milk into butter.  
>> e.g.  
>>> a milk churn.  
>>> a butter churn.  
>>> 

> **sham** Synonyms fake  
> noun \[C usually singular]  
> something that is not what it seems to be and is intended to deceive people, or someone who pretend to be something they are not.  
> e.g.  
>> It turned out that he wasn't a real doctor at all - he was just a sham.  
>> 
> ---  
> _verb_ \[I or T]  
> to pretend  
> e.g  
>> He isn't really upset - he is just shamming.  
>> 
> ---  
> _adjective_   
  

> **mill**  
> _noun_ \[C]  
> a building where grain is crushed into flour.  
> grain - 粮食、颗粒   
> flour - 面粉  
> a small machine for crashing things into power: e.g.  a coffee mill.  
> a factory where a particular substance is produced: e.g. a cotton/paper mill.    
> 
> ---  
> _verb_ \[T]  
> to crush grain into flour or another substance into power: e.g. The grain is still milled locally.  
> 

> **cope**  
> _verb_ \[I]  
> to deal successfully with a difficult situation.  
> e.g.  
>> It must be really hard to cope with three young children and a job.  
>> He had so much pressure on him in his job that eventually he just couldn't cope.

