# Trove of tumour genomes offers clues to cancer origins  
Largest-ever study uncovers patterns of mutations that might pinpoint cancer's causes.  

**clue** noun \[C\]  
(B2) a sign or some information that helps you to find the answer to a problem, question, or mystery. 

**Trove**   
a large amount of money or a large number of valuable objects found hidden somewhere and seeming to belong to no one  
> **Treasure trove** noun  
> **a treasure trove of sth** a place that is full of something good  
> **precious** adjective VALUABLE  
> (B2) of great value because of being rare, expensive, or important.   
> **deposit** noun (LAYER)   
> (C2) a substatnce or layer that is left, usually after a liquid is removed.  
> PS:  
> - Decant the wine carefully, so that you leave the deposit in the bottom of the bottle.
> - The flood left a thick deposit of mud over the entire ground floor of the house.  

**tumour** noun \[C\] a mass of diseased cells that might become a lump or cause illness.  
**lump** noun \[C\] (IN THE BODY) a hard swelling found in or on the body, especially because of illness or injury.  
**swell** verb (C2) to become larger and rounder than usual; to (cause to) increase in size or amount.  
**cancer** noun (B1) a serious disease that is caused when cells in the body grow in a way that is uncontrolled and not normal, killing normal cells and often causing death.  

**genome** noun \[C\]   
- the complete set of genetic material of a human, animal, plant, or other living things.  
- the whole group of genes in an organism.

**mutation** noun  
the way in which genes change and produce permanent differences.  
**permanent** adjective  
(B1) lasting for a long time or for ever.  
PS:  
- Are you looking for a temporary or a permanent job?  
- The disease can cause permanent damage to the brain.
